God it's so beautiful
The women in this city are different.
Then look at that money
Why is it a bit like a dog spy in a movie?
Shh, don't talk nonsense.
This dress is available in general merchandise stores.
Miss Qin, the road in the village is too narrow for the car to drive in
You can only go in by yourself
It stinks, how can Brother Nan live in such a place?
You two wait here
What's wrong with this guy?
Hey, forget it, the girl from the capital has a big temper
Let's just complete the reception task directly
Nan Ge
Are you in the house? Isn't Dr. Long in there?
Why don't you open the door for him?
No way. He knew I wouldn't leave the door open.
Nan Ge Nan Ge
I am Red Star
Qin Hongxing, here I come
Nan, I know you're in the house
I am Red Star
What's the matter with you, open the door?
No, someone is looking for trouble with the recruited man again
Why am I unlucky when this person leaves?
What is the relationship between this woman and Dr. Rong?
Could it be that his relatives came to meet people?
I don't think so.
Can this newcomer open the door?
Look at that.
Did you say that the new one knew that you came to find him?
These hillbillies are treating me like a monkey
Brother Nan, Brother Nan, get out of the way, get out of the way, Brother Nan
Don't go south and north
He won't play if you knock on the door.
Who are you? What are you talking about?
Don't you know?
This is Dr. Rong's target
Hey, you city people call it Lover, right?
Mingzhi youth
It's Dr. Rong's lover
It's you who are you
What's the matter with my lover?
I represent Nan Ge's work unit and father.
Mother came to pick him up
Liu scum, I'm back
I've been out for a day and I still know I'll be back